Oh, my God.
These women approach me for more and more reasons
As long as he realizes that I have no money
He will leave immediately
Daddy, you've come to the wrong place
This is not our home
If we really take him to our house
Doesn't he know you lied to him?
Daddy moves bricks, how can he live in a big villa?
Daddy's thoughtful
So this is your home?
Yep. Monthly rent 1,500.
How are you feeling?
feel
Really bad.
So you're leaving?
Dirty and messy
Children live in this environment for a long time
There will be problems with the body
I would also like to take him to live in a big villa
But no money
It's not about the money.
The point is dirty
What do you want?
Nonsense, of course it's cleaning.
Mommy, you are so cool.
Mr. Gu, can I mention one for you?
A little suggestion.
Speak up
It's just that you don't always work hard to pretend to be a big president
If you have nothing to do in this house, pack it up.
Such a dirty environment is not good for children's health
Ah, and there's more.
When will you agree?
I'm taking Doudou back to the countryside
Anyway.
Never let him take Doudou away
Do you particularly want to take Doudou home?
Um no yes or no
Precisely
You and I want to take it home too
You have a big appetite.
My appetite is not small
Do you know why I blocked
Don't worry
Don't worry because you don't know enough
Well, Jiang Caicai is 23 years old
Bachelor's degree
Fashion design major
Height 170 Bust
rogue